what is the most important commodity in
the world some argue that it's oil in
today's video we are going to look at
oil as a result of the conflict what has
happened here how this can actually get
to $150 a barrel and what that would
mean for you you came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you I want to
show you what's going on right now
obviously the previous video I did to
this one it was demonetized we have to
look at this data I got to be careful
with the words I say but I'm going to
give you all the information you need to
know and then we're going to look at
what you can do about it how does that
sound let's begin here we have it we're
going to look at this oil sores amid
Middle East conflict gold gains as well
you could see that it had fallen a
little bit here and I can show you the
chart in just a second but it's
important to note this out of Forbes
without question oil prices will be
affected by the current conflict
anywhere in the Middle East you've got
some tensions of course that's going to
produce volatility in the oil Market
even when it's far away from any oil
fields or indeed oil producing Nations
and so we see that right now today I
have a few notes that I need to share
with you and of course make you
understand what's going on for you the
individual
oil will likely remain elevated on these
tensions it's not going to go away
anytime soon this looks to be something
that could extend out for months maybe
even
longer production may increase next year
so prices could stay high up until then
so at this point in time it looks like
the production cuts that Saudi Arabia
has um suggested that they will continue
indefinitely throughout the the year
that is going to go on but you know next
year if prices are too elevated they may
cut and if Iran gets pulled into this
conflict then
$150 a barrel is absolutely possible
without even increased demand so let's
just say demand stays steady from here
Saudi Arabia leaves their production the
way it is but Iran gets pulled in we can
actually have $150 a barrel being a
possibility not because of that one
factor it starts to create more
speculation that's very very typical
inside of the oil Market other
Commodities as well but really with oil
you start to see a lot of speculators
come in they pile on it goes up one way
it goes down the other way so keep that
in mind for you the individual $150 a
barrel
sustained for a period of time even not
that long will be extremely detrimental
to the economy it's going to be a bad
thing because it's not going to get
there overnight and disappear overnight
it will take some time it's going to be
at $130 a barrel it's going to be at1
140 150 and so on so um how long it
stays there of course will determine the
extent of the damage but know that the
economy just cannot survive on $150 a
barrel we've hit there before it
wouldn't be unique it's not
impossible it's just a set of conditions
that need to happen and we be there and
of course there are other options you'll
have India saying I want to buy more oil
from Russia because they'll give me a
discount China doing the same other
countries might say hey Russia let me
let me get some oil from you but
ultimately when you have it for the
Western countries right now moving into
the winter time resources might be a
challenge we'll see what happens look at
gold this is over the last 30 days I'm
just trying to show you gold on the left
silver on the right and they've popped
as a result of this but ultimately look
at their prices $1850 $21 we see this I
feel like I'm in this Zone forever it's
never moving despite the fact that it
should be the way it goes with gold is
when all else fails then they turn to
Gold when we see this at a time in which
bonds are very valuable you can get a
good return for a shortterm bond
investors will say well I'm not going to
hide out in gold right now I'm going to
buy this treasury because it is safe so
I'm going to put my money there I'm
going to get 5% back and the gold you
know while it might not lose any money
I'm not going to make any money so this
is what's happening this is what
investors are doing at the same time
we've seen central banks like we're
talking about the physical metal of
course always in high demand central
banks buying it up like crazy
individuals buying it up like crazy look
at Costco the gold bars you've seen that
but we're talking about paper that's
what the price is based on it's based on
paper metals that clearly has not done
well over the last while what oil
Watchers have to say about the impact of
what what's going on banks put the
spotlight on the implications for
Iranian crude supplies that's one thing
that we need to understand here they do
talk more about that Traders fear and
escalation could prompt a wider conflict
that embroyal Terran and possibly the US
Iranian security officials helped and
they just go on I got to be careful what
I say essentially pulling Iran into the
circumstance would make this prices you
know go wild and of course Traders are
going to speculate based on that and
send it up even further and so this is a
concern we don't want that we don't want
you know this spread out we want this to
be resolved we want tensions to cool
down we don't want this to happen
because the people are not going to win
we want to see that being taken care of
hopefully sooner rather than later
Goldman Sachs they continue to forecast
that the Brent oil price Rises gradually
from $85 a barrel that was on Friday to
$100 a barrel in June
2024 that said the bank identifies two
potential implications of the shocking
you know situation on the global oil
supply over time and number one is the
important one for me reduced probability
of Saudi Israeli normalization and the
associated boost to saudi's production
so Saudi Arabia has told the White House
that it would be willing to boost oil
production early next year if crude
prices are high and that's important of
course because they have made it clear
for the rest of the year no increase and
so assuming everything stays the way it
is that means that we could see these
oil prices remaining you know at $85
plus $85 plus so you know if you know
that the production is going to remain
less than what they think there should
be and there's tensions and there's
possibility of even more tensions well
then the prices could go higher you do
what you want with that I'm not telling
anybody anything but that's the likely
circumstance oil Traders focus on Iran
you see it there as well OPEC plus
stands firm as Global oil demand teers
OPEC plus has opt to keep its current
oil production Cuts leading to a drop in
the crude oil prices despite their
potential need for even higher prices to
affect demand this was of course prior
to the situation prices started to fall
everyone started to say well maybe
that's it maybe uh the prices wouldn't
be coming down and so on all these
things the thought was okay we got a
little too carried away but you got to
understand something right here is that
you have one of the most important
Commodities in the world you've got the
tensions you've got the ruction Cuts
you've got General demand coming from
China coming from other places as well
oil demand is clearly there and so the
prices they just cannot fall too far
unless we enter into a very heavy
recession and that goes globally if
that's the case absolutely oil prices
can fall as long as there's not you know
some catastrophic event and so that's
where we are today here and now what can
you do what should you do what should
you be looking at I've got the answers
for you ETFs based on Futures are not
good for long holds and this is a
generalization of course but you'll find
you're like hey i' I've seen this before
hey I bought this particular ETF and it
just hasn't performed well I don't
understand why the price of oil's gone
up the price of this commodity's gone up
you can't do those long hold you you
start to see a diminishing returns over
time so if you're going to buy into that
you want to do it short term I'm going
to hold this for a week that's it you're
doing a trade it's not an investment if
you want to invest you invest in the
companies that deal with it okay there
are other ways but generally companies
that have a proven track record could be
good proven track record look at the
case of rivan okay when you see Tesla
okay this company has produced a lot of
vehicles there's a lot you look around
cities Teslas are everywhere Tesla's
producing those Vehicles it makes a
profit you look at rivan people bought
into this stock saying this is going to
be the next Tesla I need to get into it
all right well what happened well at
this time we can see that rivan loses 33
$38,000 for every car it manufactures
that's a problem the reason I mentioned
this is that there's no proof there
there's no they have no business model
yet let's take the example of uber Lyft
their entire business model no profit
yet is all predicated on that they will
get Robo taxes at some point these are
not good businesses to invest in can you
make money
absolutely but you can look around
there's a million other options why
would you go into something that doesn't
have a proven track record what are you
basing this on what is the decision that
you've made I'll tell you what it's a
bandwagon it's another YouTuber it's
based on some article you read don't do
that get all of your knowledge together
and then you're going to base the smart
decisions on that data not on some
accusations not on some wild who knows
what's going on some unicorns and
rainbows out there look for negotiations
and agreements otherwise prices could
absolutely continue to rise we want to
see that we want to look for these two
sides and hopefully some other country
will stand in the middle and say let's
sit down let's talk if that happens you
could have the price of oil go down
somewhat and um we'll see what happens
I'll bring you all that news simply hit
that thumbs up button and and you will
stay informed this right now I want to
congratulate the winner of the
giveaway uh my plan this is once a month
currently but it will go to hopefully
once a week where I'll be giving away
something different every week and the
only way to get that is on the Discord
Discord Link in the description and I
just wanted to
congratulate jumbo Jimbo and I messaged
you I still have to get back to you uh
but I will and I'll make sure you get in
on the mentorship call so that's going
to be great I'm excited about this
there's going to be a weekly one only
way to get in to the free giveaways
every week will be on the Discord all
right and we have this comment of the
day at the bottom thanks for getting out
the real truth Damian thank you for your
comment most people unfortunately have
no idea what's really going on follow
the money and that is absolutely the
case you want to follow the money
because that's how you're going to
determine where things are going where
things are moving follow the money it's
absolutely true in all cases look if you
want to get your financial situation in
order you've got to you absolutely have
to go through Compass because Compass
right here is where your financial
Journey starts and so you go through
this a series of short videos you're
going to be much better off you're going
to understand the financial system
better and it's going to it be explained
in such a very easy way that anybody
anybody can understand I've also got
that link down there uh for Seeking
Alpha if anybody wants to know like hey
what do I do about oil all this Seeking
Alpha right now the paid version not the
free stuff you see online the paid
version filled with this information
right now related to oil and of course
everything that's been going on they
still as far as I last checked they
still had the $50 off uh so click that
link and I hope that you appreciate this
I'll see you tomorrow take care